---
title: About Me
description: The reason why I am a Software Developer
---

My absolute passion lies in creating products that make our everyday
lives easier. I detest nothing more than doing the same things over
and over again.

Now, unfortunately, I have two left hands when it comes to topics like
electrical circuits or creating inventions like washing machines or
dishwashers. Fortunately, through my skills as a software developer, I
can enable digital products that take work off our hands or offer
exciting tasks in our spare time. So far, I have been able to solve
manually complex tasks through a time-tracking calendar, the easy
recording of card game results and improving the product for
registering damages in windscreens. I'm really lucky that all the
different groups I worked with had a great team spirit. Everyone was
able to contribute his/her strengths to improve the products so that
they can be loved by thousands of users today.

To be always able to find the best solutions for emerging challenges,
continuous training is essential for me because the focus is always on
creating the best product for the customer. Frameworks for the
frontend or backend are always just tools, so the highest interest for
myself is to be able to handle them competently. Therefore, it doesn't
matter if the product uses Angular, React, Vue, Svelte, ... I'm in!{" "}

To create exciting applications again and again, it is important to
think outside the box of software development. I love to explore the
world! Travelling together with my wife always gives us new
impressions. During my studies of computer science, I became a little
bookworm, so you will find me on the weekend with a cup of hot tea and
a good book or “The Economist”.
